Release notes for 8.5.0 (#14548)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/releasenotes.asciidoc

* <<logstash-8-0-0-alpha2,Logstash 8.0.0-alpha2>>
* <<logstash-8-0-0-alpha1,Logstash 8.0.0-alpha1>>

[[logstash-8-5-0]]
=== Logstash 8.5.0 Release Notes

[[features-8.5.0]]
==== New features and enhancements

* It is often difficult to understand the health of a pipeline, including whether it is exerting or propagating back-pressure or otherwise staying reasonably “caught up” with its inputs. This release adds pipeline "flow" metrics to the node_stats API for each pipeline, which includes the current and lifetime rates for five key pipeline metrics: input_throughput, filter_throughput, output_throughput, queue_backpressure, and worker_concurrency. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/14518[#14518]

[[notable-8.5.0]]
==== Notable issues fixed

> * Added missing "monitoring.cluster_uuid" to the env2yaml configuration whitelist and enables the user to set this configuration option via environment variable https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/14425[#14425]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added missing "monitoring.cluster_uuid" to the env2yaml list of accepted configurations and enables the user to set this configuration option via environment variable https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/14425[#14425]
```
